# Deploying the Bicep Template

## Parameters
The Bicep template allows you to tailor the deployment to your needs by providing a wide range of parameters. Some of these have default values you can leave in place, while others require you to specify values depending on your needs and your existing environment.

<table>
    </tr>
    <td>Parameter</td>
    <td>Description</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>localAdminUser</td>
    <td>The local admin username for the Parallels RAS virtual machines.</td>
  </tr>
    <td>localAdminPassword</td>
    <td>The local admin password for the Parallels RAS virtual machines.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vnetName</td>
    <td>Specify the name of the virtual network</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vnetNewOrExisting</td>
    <td>Specify to use a new or existing network. Currently, only existing networks are supported.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vnetkAddressPrefix</td>
    <td>Specify the virtual network prefix for example 10.0.0.0/16</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vnetResourceGroup</td>
    <td>Specify the resource group name where the virtual network is located</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>subnetName</td>
    <td>Specify the name of the existing subnet.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>subnetAddressPrefix</td>
    <td>Specify the virtual network prefix, for example 10.0.66.0/24</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>prefixCBName</td>
    <td>Prefix the for the Connection Broker servers. E.g., 'ras-cb' will result in VM names like 'ras-cb-1', 'ras-cb-2', etc.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>prefixSGName</td>
    <td>Prefix the for the Secure Gateway servers. E.g., 'ras-sg' will result in VM names like 'ras-sg-1', 'ras-sg-2', etc.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>msName</td>
    <td>The hostname for the management server VM.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>numberofCBs</td>
    <td>Number of Connection Broker VMs to deploy. E.g., 2 will result in 2 Connection Broker VMs.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>numberofSGs</td>
    <td>Number of Secure Gateway VMs to deploy. E.g. 2 will result in 2 Secure Gateway VMs.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmSkuCB</td>
    <td>Specify the size (machine type) for the Connection Broker VMs, for example, Standard_D4s_v5.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmSkuSG</td>
    <td>Specify the size (machine type) for the Secure Gateway VMs, for example, Standard_D4s_v5.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmSkuMS</td>
    <td>Specify the size (machine type) for the management Server VM, for example, Standard_D4s_v5.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmOSCB</td>
    <td>Select the operating system you want to use for the connection broker role. E.g., 2022-Datacenter."</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmOSSG</td>
    <td>Select the operating system you want to use for the secure gateway role. E.g., 2022-Datacenter.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>vmOSMS</td>
    <td>Select the operating system you want to use for the management server role. E.g., 2022-Datacenter.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>lbName</td>
    <td>Provide the name of the Azure Loadbalancer that will be created for the Secure Gateway VMs. E.g. 'ras-sg-lb'.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>RasAdminsGroupAD</td>
    <td>Provide the name of the existing AD admin group that will be used to manage the Parallels RAS infrastructure. E.g. 'ras-admins@contoso.com</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>location</td>
    <td>Specify the Azure location (region) for this deployment. E.G., westeurope.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>keyVaultName</td>
    <td>Specify the name of the Azure Keyvault</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>azureADTenantID</td>
    <td>Specify the Azure AD Tenant ID.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>adminAccountObjectID/td>
    <td>Specify the ID of the admin account to be added to the keyvault access policy. This can be found in the properties of the user in Microsoft Entra AD.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>domainJoinUserName</td>
    <td>UPN of an existing Active Directory user that has permissions and will be used to join the virtual machines to your domain. For example, vmjoiner@contoso.com.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>domainJoinPassword</td>
    <td>Password of the domain join account</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>domainName</td>
    <td>Full domain name of the Active Directory Domain to which session host VMs are going to be joined. For example, “contoso.com” or “site1.contoso.com”.</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>ouPath</td>
    <td>Enter the name of the organizational unit (OU) you would like the virtual machines to join. The OU should look like OU=unit1,DC=contoso,DC=com</td>
    </tr>
    <td>providerSelection</td>
    <td>Specify the Parallels RAS provider to create. Values can be 'AVDProvider', 'AzureProvider', or 'noProvider'</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>providerName</td>
    <td>Provide the name of the provider. E.g. 'AVD Provider' or 'Azure Provider'</td>
  </tr>
    </tr>
    <td>providerAppRegistrationName</td>
    <td>Provide the name of the app registration for the provider. E.g. 'ras-app-registration</td>
</table>

## Deploying

You can deploy the Bicep template like any other Bicep template and use technologies such as AZ CLI, PowerShell, Azure DevOps, Git Hub Actions, etc. You can create .Bicepparam files if that is your preference, or pass the values to the template using your preferred IaC deployment methods.


